**Election of Chairperson to the board of the NFT Bank**

We are the world’s preeminent decentralized financial institution for the valuation, 
management and storage of NFT’s. 

Our significant growth in the last 24 months reflects the global interest, and recognition
of NFT’s as a technology that will supersede the clumsy, opaque and labour-intensive record 
keeping processes used until now.

The future growth and development of NFT Bank demands the role of Chairperson is filled by 
the candidate who can deliver the vision, entrepreneurial approach and compelling leadership 
that will continue to propel the organisation on a success trajectory that leaves potential 
competitors in its wake.

The voting process is set out by the Australian Security & Investments Commission (ASIC), as follows:

1.	Candidates: a list of eligible candidates was prepared. And the company’s shareholders have been informed.
2.	Voting: each shareholder of the company is allowed to cast their vote for a candidate. 
This will be done through a secure online platform.
3.	Counting: the votes should be counted and verified by an independent auditor or a designated 
vote counting committee.
4.	Announce the result: The result of the vote should be announced publicly, either through 
an official company statement or by the designated vote counting committee.
5.	Appoint the chairperson: If a candidate receives a majority of the votes cast, they will 
be appointed as the chairperson of the board. In case of a tie, a run-off election will be held.

ASIC encourages this system to be further improved and made secure by incorporating measures 
such as encryption, secure storage of votes, and a transparent and auditable voting process. 
Additional measures can be put in place to prevent vote manipulation and ensure the fairness 
of the election. NFT Bank has employed blockchain powered voting technology which ensures a 
transparent, instant, secure and a highly auditable process that meets, if not exceeds ASIC 
requirements.

